We are currently looking for a Solution Architect for Deep Learning.

NVIDIA is searching for a world-class engineer for an exciting role as a Solutions Architect. Work with the most exciting high-performance computing hardware, software and impactful projects. Help enable compelling customer productivity and develop lasting relationships with NVIDIA's Technology Partners by making NVIDIA technology an integral part of end-user solutions.

You will work with the latest High Performance Computing architectures coupled with Machine Learning/Deep Learning, and Big Data Analytics application providers and customers to create improved workflows and develop new, differentiated solutions. In addition you will evangelize and influence the NVIDIA GPU Computing experience.

What You¡¯ll Be Doing
Assist field business development in guiding the customer through the sales process for GPU Computing products, owning the technical relationship and assisting customer in building innovative solutions based on NVIDIA technology.
Be an industry thought leader on integrating NVIDIA technology into Deep Learning Industry to support Scientific and engineering applications.
Be an internal champion for Deep Learning or Data Science among the NVIDIA technical community.

What We Need To See
BS in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or Computer Science.
Knowledge with: Computer Vision, NLP, Big Data, and Speech.
7+ years of working experiences.
3+ years of Deep Learning experience, have project experiences in one of the following: detection, recognition, tracking, translation, big data analysis, speech recognition, etc.
Experience working with modern Deep Learning software architecture and application.
Experience with Tensorflow, Caffe, Pytorch, or other Deep Learning Framework.
Programming experience with C, Python, C#, or other languages.
Exposure to GPU technology and CUDA programming.
Customer facing skill-set and background is a plus.
Parallel programming experience, OpenMP, MPI or other programming languages is a plus.
Ability to communicate effectively, interpersonal skills and strong teamwork.

Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd
Ability to multitask effectively in a fast paced environment.
Action oriented with strong analytical and problem solving skills.
NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world¡¯s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
#deeplearning